<div><p>You are given a string <code>title</code> consisting of one or more words separated by a single space, where each word consists of English letters. <strong>Capitalize</strong> the string by changing the capitalization of each word such that:</p>

<ul>
	<li>If the length of the word is <code>1</code> or <code>2</code> letters, change all letters to lowercase.</li>
	<li>Otherwise, change the first letter to uppercase and the remaining letters to lowercase.</li>
</ul>

<p>Return <em>the <strong>capitalized</strong> </em><code>title</code>.</p>

<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Example 1:</strong></p>

<pre><strong>Input:</strong> title = "capiTalIze tHe titLe"
<strong>Output:</strong> "Capitalize The Title"
<strong>Explanation:</strong>
Since all the words have a length of at least 3, the first letter of each word is uppercase, and the remaining letters are lowercase.
</pre>

<p><strong>Example 2:</strong></p>

<pre><strong>Input:</strong> title = "First leTTeR of EACH Word"
<strong>Output:</strong> "First Letter of Each Word"
<strong>Explanation:</strong>
The word "of" has length 2, so it is all lowercase.
The remaining words have a length of at least 3, so the first letter of each remaining word is uppercase, and the remaining letters are lowercase.
</pre>

<p><strong>Example 3:</strong></p>

<pre><strong>Input:</strong> title = "i lOve leetcode"
<strong>Output:</strong> "i Love Leetcode"
<strong>Explanation:</strong>
The word "i" has length 1, so it is lowercase.
The remaining words have a length of at least 3, so the first letter of each remaining word is uppercase, and the remaining letters are lowercase.
</pre>

<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Constraints:</strong></p>

<ul>
	<li><code>1 &lt;= title.length &lt;= 100</code></li>
	<li><code>title</code> consists of words separated by a single space without any leading or trailing spaces.</li>
	<li>Each word consists of uppercase and lowercase English letters and is <strong>non-empty</strong>.</li>
</ul>
</div>